Function Components & Hooks V2 (#2401)
yewstack/yew: website/docs/migration-guides/yew/from-0_19_0-to-0_20_0.mdx

This method of controlling body has caused issues in event registration and
SSR hydration. They have been removed. Read more in the [github issue](https://github.com/yewstack/yew/pull/2346).

## Hooks and Function Components V2

The Function Components and Hooks API are re-implemented with a different mechanism:

- User-defined hooks are now required to have a prefix `use_` and must be marked by `#[hook]` attribute.

> - Hooks are now only callable under the top level of a function component or a user defined hooks.

Reviewer: This was the case before your change, just no hard error.
```suggestion
- Hooks are now throw errors if they are called not from the top level of a function component or a user defined hooks. This was always a limitation, we just did not throw a compile time error.
```

This method of controlling body has caused issues in event registration and
SSR hydration. They have been removed. Read more in the [github issue](https://github.com/yewstack/yew/pull/2346).

> ## Hooks and Function Components V2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## New Hooks and Function Components
```
